Sunni stipulation of pilgrimage to the afraid or the patient and others
The question is also asked about the hadeeth of the Prophet
peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him). I want Hajj and I am a complainant, the Prophet said to her
: ﷺ Haji and the police that a local where I Habstni Is this a duty or a year?
It is known to scholars that it is a Sunnah. If a person is required to be afraid of accidents such as a sick person or a fear
Such as the first issue, for example
when Ihram said: If Habsni Habis Vmhali where I Habtni, decomposes and nothing on him
because of the destruction of the car and its disruption, or injury, or enemy prevented, Hadith Dabaa bint al-Zubayr
Yeah